IBX-8689: AI Actions documentation (#2473)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/ai_actions/extend_ai_actions.md

---

> description: Extend AI Actions by connecting to other engines and adding new capabilities.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Extend AI Actions by connecting to other services and adding new capabilities.
```

---

# Extend AI Actions

By extending AI Actions you can enhance the attractiveness of mundane content management and editing tasks and make them less burdensome.

> You can start from adding new action types that use the existing AI engine, and evolve to integrating additional AI services with completely new areas of application.

Author: ```suggestion
You can start from adding new action types that use the existing AI service, and evolve to integrating additional ones with completely new areas of application.
```
